******HOW DOES CURL WORK********
# HTTP: HyperText Transfer Protocol
; curl -vvv http://www.example.org
*   Trying 93.184.216.34:80...
* Connected to www.example.org (93.184.216.34) port 80 (#0)
  # HTTP uses port 80 by default
> GET / HTTP/1.1
  # Means: send a GET request to `/` using HTTP Protocol version 1.1
> Host: www.example.org
  # We tell the server which domain we're intending to make the request to. This
  # is because one server might actually host many domains.
> User-Agent: curl/7.79.1
  # We tell the server what software we're using to make the request.
> Accept: * / *
  # We tell the server what kind of response we can receive. If we were
  # expecting a JSON response we might say `Accept: application/json`, but in
  # this case we're happy with anything.
>
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
  # The server responds with the HTTP protocol version it's using, the status
  # code and a message. 200 means the request was successful.
< Accept-Ranges: bytes
  # This header indicates that the server supports byte ranges. This means we
  # can ask for a specific part of the file rather than the whole thing.
< Age: 356236
  # This `Age` header indicates that the resource we've requested has been
  # 'cached'. Caching involves an intermediate server storing a copy of a
  # resource so that it can be served to other users more quickly. In this case
  # the intermediate server tells us that it last updated the cached copy 356236
  # seconds ago.
< Cache-Control: max-age=604800
  # This `Cache-Control` header tells us how long the resource can be cached by
  # the client so that we don't have to request it again. In this case it's 
  # 604800 seconds, which is 7 days.
< Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8
  # This `Content-Type` header tells us what kind of data we're receiving. In
  # this case it's HTML and it represents characters using a system called
  # UTF-8.
< Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2022 11:30:48 GMT
  # This `Date` header tells us when the response was generated by the server.
  # So — the time the server believes it is now.
< Etag: "3147526947+ident"
  # This `Etag` header is a unique identifier for the resource. It's used to
  # check if the resource has changed since the last time we requested it.
< Expires: Tue, 06 Dec 2022 11:30:48 GMT
  # This `Expires` header tells us when the resource will expire and we'll need
  # to request it again. In this case it's 7 days after the `Date` header.
< Last-Modified: Thu, 17 Oct 2019 07:18:26 GMT
  # This `Last-Modified` header tells us when the resource was last modified.
  # This is actually surprisingly recent!
< Server: ECS (bsa/EB19)
  # This `Server` header tells us what software the server is using to respond.
  # In this case it's called ECS and it's a piece of software called 'Edge
  # Server' from a company called 'Amazon'.
< X-Cache: HIT
  # This `X-Cache` header tells us whether the resource was served from the
  # cache or not. 'HIT' means it was served from the cache, whereas 'MISS' means
  # it wasn't and had to be requested from the origin server.
< Content-Length: 1256
  # This `Content-Length` header tells us how many bytes we're going to receive
  # in the response body. This is so the client knows when the server is done 
  # sending the response.
<
<!doctype html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>Example Domain</title>

    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <style type="text/css">
    body {
        background-color: #f0f0f2;
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
        font-family: -apple-system, system-ui, BlinkMacSystemFont, "Segoe UI", "Open Sans", "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;

    }
    div {
        width: 600px;
        margin: 5em auto;
        padding: 2em;
        background-color: #fdfdff;
        border-radius: 0.5em;
        box-shadow: 2px 3px 7px 2px rgba(0,0,0,0.02);
    }
    a:link, a:visited {
        color: #38488f;
        text-decoration: none;
    }
    @media (max-width: 700px) {
        div {
            margin: 0 auto;
            width: auto;
        }
    }
    </style>
</head>

<body>
<div>
    <h1>Example Domain</h1>
    <p>This domain is for use in illustrative examples in documents. You may use this
    domain in literature without prior coordination or asking for permission.</p>
    <p><a href="https://www.iana.org/domains/example">More information...</a></p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
  # This is the response body. It's the HTML document that we requested.
* Connection #0 to host www.example.org left intact
  # The connection was left open so we can make another request if we want.